Modify rule S1905: Migrate to LayC - Redundant casts should not be used (#3236)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S1905/java/rule.adoc

  void foo() {
    B b = new B();
    fun(b);
    fun((A) b); // Compliant, required to call the first method so cast is not redundant.
  }
}
----
== How to fix it

To fix your code remove the unnecessary casting expression.

=== Code examples

==== Noncompliant code example

[source,java,diff-id=1,diff-type=noncompliant]
----
class Example {

>     public void example() {
>         for (String foo : (List<String>) getFoos()) {  // Noncompliant, Remove this unnecessary cast to "List".
>           //...
>         }
>     }
> 
>     public List<String> getFoos() {
>         return List.of("foo1", "foo2");
>     }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    public void example(List<String> list) {
        for (String item: (List<String>) list) {  // Noncompliant, Remove this unnecessary cast to "List".
          //...
        }
    }
```

No need for an additional method. It doesn't make it easier to understand what the rule does.

}
----

==== Compliant solution

[source,java,diff-id=1,diff-type=compliant]
----
class Example {
    public void example() {
        for (String foo : getFoos()) {
          //...
        }
    }

    public List<String> getFoos() {
        return List.of("foo1", "foo2");
    }
}
----

== Resources

=== Documentation
* Wikipedia - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_conversion[Type Conversion]
* Wikipedia - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strong_and_weak_typing[Strong and Weak Typing]
* Wikipedia - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polymorphism_(computer_science)[ Polymorphism (Computer Science)]

> * Geeksforgeeks - https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/type-conversion-java-examples/[Type conversion in Java with Examples]

Reviewer: Move the language-specific resources to the top of the list (also for C# and C/C++).
